this is one of the most relaxing rooms
here at the garden home it's one of the
guest bedrooms and what makes it so
relaxing I think is the color of the
walls I chose a really pale lavender and
the way the light comes in through the
windows and the comfort and tranquility
is really added I think by these house
plants I love having them around you
know I think so often when we think
about having plants indoors we or
outdoors even more so we think about
blooms and not so much about foliage and
these are very simple foliage plants
look at the variation that we have on
this one and this one's just a simple
green plant
I'd like to choose plants that have sort
of a thick succulent like leaf typically
that means that plant doesn't have to be
watered so often and it's really not
that important that you even know the
names of the plants but it's more
important to me that you understand what
the health benefits are of having living
plants in your home this is probably the
most compelling reason to fill your home
with foliage houseplants because you see
they can remove toxins from the air
pollutants that are found in our houses
and these pollutants come from
industrial chemicals that are used to
manufacture building materials and from
numerous household cleaners that may
contain things like from aldehyde
benzene ammonia acetone and ethyl
acetate these pollutants are actually
absorbed through the leaves of the
plants and are converted into harmless
substances so you may be wondering well
how many house plants do you really need
to create the sort of environment where
the air is actually being purified well
a good rule of thumb is one substantial
house plant I don't mean a tiny one and
I don't mean a great big one but a
medium-sized a plant about this size
house plant per hundred square feet of
your home is really what you need for
average size house maybe 15 to 20 plants
in the house will do the job and not
only will they help clean the air but
hey they're beautiful
you